TEI                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
ab                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
abbr               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
abstract           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
accMat             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
acquisition        TEI,suriano        complex mixed
activity           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
actor              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
add                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
addName            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
addSpan            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
additional         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
additions          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
addrLine           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
address            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
adminInfo          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
affiliation        TEI,suriano        complex mixed
age                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
alt                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
altGrp             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
altIdent           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
altIdentifier      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
alternate          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
am                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
analytic           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
anchor             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
annotation         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
annotationBlock    TEI,suriano        complex pure 
anyElement         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
app                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
appInfo            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
application        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
arc                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
argument           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
att                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
attDef             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
attList            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
attRef             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
author             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
authority          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
availability       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
back               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
bibl               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
biblFull           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
biblScope          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
biblStruct         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
bicond             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
binary             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
binaryObject       TEI,suriano        complex mixed
binding            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
bindingDesc        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
birth              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
bloc               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
body               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
broadcast          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
byline             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
c                  TEI,suriano        complex mixed
cRefPattern        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
caesura            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
calendar           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
calendarDesc       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
camera             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
caption            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
case               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
castGroup          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
castItem           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
castList           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
catDesc            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
catRef             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
catchwords         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
category           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
cb                 TEI,suriano        complex pure 
cell               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
certainty          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
change             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
channel            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
char               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
charDecl           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
choice             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
cit                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
citeData           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
citeStructure      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
citedRange         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
cl                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
classCode          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
classDecl          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
classRef           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
classSpec          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
classes            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
climate            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
closer             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
code               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
collation          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
collection         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
colloc             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
colophon           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
cond               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
condition          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
constitution       TEI,suriano        complex mixed
constraint         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
constraintSpec     TEI,suriano        complex pure 
content            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
conversion         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
corr               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
correction         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
correspAction      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
correspContext     TEI,suriano        complex pure 
correspDesc        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
country            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
creation           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
custEvent          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
custodialHist      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
damage             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
damageSpan         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
dataFacet          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
dataRef            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
dataSpec           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
datatype           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
date               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
dateline           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
death              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
decoDesc           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
decoNote           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
def                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
default            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
defaultVal         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
del                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
delSpan            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
depth              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
derivation         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
desc               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
dictScrap          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
dim                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
dimensions         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
distinct           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
distributor        TEI,suriano        complex mixed
district           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
div                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
div1               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
div2               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
div3               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
div4               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
div5               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
div6               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
div7               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
divGen             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
docAuthor          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
docDate            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
docEdition         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
docImprint         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
docTitle           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
domain             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
eLeaf              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
eTree              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
edition            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
editionStmt        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
editor             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
editorialDecl      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
education          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
eg                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
elementRef         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
elementSpec        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
ellipsis           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
email              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
emph               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
empty              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
encodingDesc       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
entry              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
entryFree          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
epigraph           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
epilogue           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
equipment          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
equiv              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
etym               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
event              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
ex                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
exemplum           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
expan              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
explicit           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
extent             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
f                  TEI,suriano        complex mixed
fDecl              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
fDescr             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
fLib               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
facsimile          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
factuality         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
faith              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
figDesc            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
figure             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
fileDesc           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
filiation          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
finalRubric        TEI,suriano        complex mixed
floatingText       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
floruit            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
foliation          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
foreign            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
forename           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
forest             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
form               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
formula            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
front              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
fs                 TEI,suriano        complex pure 
fsConstraints      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
fsDecl             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
fsDescr            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
fsdDecl            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
fsdLink            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
funder             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
fvLib              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
fw                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
g                  TEI,suriano        complex mixed
gap                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
gb                 TEI,suriano        complex pure 
gen                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
genName            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
gender             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
geo                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
geoDecl            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
geogFeat           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
geogName           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
gi                 TEI,suriano        complex pure 
gloss              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
glyph              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
gram               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
gramGrp            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
graph              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
graphic            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
group              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
handDesc           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
handNote           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
handNotes          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
handShift          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
head               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
headItem           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
headLabel          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
height             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
heraldry           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
hi                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
history            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
hom                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
hyph               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
hyphenation        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
iNode              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
iType              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
ident              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
idno               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
if                 TEI,suriano        complex pure 
iff                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
imprimatur         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
imprint            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
incident           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
incipit            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
index              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
institution        TEI,suriano        complex mixed
interaction        TEI,suriano        complex mixed
interp             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
interpGrp          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
interpretation     TEI,suriano        complex pure 
item               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
join               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
joinGrp            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
keywords           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
kinesic            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
l                  TEI,suriano        complex mixed
label              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
lacunaEnd          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
lacunaStart        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
lang               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
langKnowledge      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
langKnown          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
langUsage          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
language           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
layout             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
layoutDesc         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
lb                 TEI,suriano        complex pure 
lbl                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
leaf               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
lem                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
lg                 TEI,suriano        complex pure 
licence            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
line               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
link               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
linkGrp            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
list               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listAnnotation     TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listApp            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listBibl           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listChange         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listEvent          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listForest         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listNym            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listObject         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listOrg            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listPerson         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listPlace          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listPrefixDef      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listRef            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listRelation       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listTranspose      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
listWit            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
localProp          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
locale             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
location           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
locus              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
locusGrp           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
m                  TEI,suriano        complex mixed
macroRef           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
macroSpec          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
mapping            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
material           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
measure            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
measureGrp         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
media              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
meeting            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
memberOf           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
mentioned          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
metDecl            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
metSym             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
metamark           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
milestone          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
mod                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
model              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
modelGrp           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
modelSequence      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
moduleRef          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
moduleSpec         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
monogr             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
mood               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
move               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
msContents         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
msDesc             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
msFrag             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
msIdentifier       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
msItem             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
msItemStruct       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
msName             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
msPart             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
musicNotation      TEI,suriano        complex mixed
name               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
nameLink           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
namespace          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
nationality        TEI,suriano        complex mixed
node               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
normalization      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
notatedMusic       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
note               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
noteGrp            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
notesStmt          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
num                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
number             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
numeric            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
nym                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
oRef               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
object             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
objectDesc         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
objectIdentifier   TEI,suriano        complex pure 
objectName         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
objectType         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
occupation         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
offset             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
opener             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
org                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
orgName            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
orig               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
origDate           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
origPlace          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
origin             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
orth               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
outputRendition    TEI,suriano        complex mixed
p                  TEI,suriano        complex mixed
pRef               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
param              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
paramList          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
paramSpec          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
particDesc         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
path               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
pause              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
pb                 TEI,suriano        complex pure 
pc                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
per                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
performance        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
persName           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
persPronouns       TEI,suriano        complex mixed
person             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
personGrp          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
persona            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
phr                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
physDesc           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
place              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
placeName          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
population         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
pos                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
postBox            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
postCode           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
postscript         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
precision          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
prefixDef          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
preparedness       TEI,suriano        complex mixed
principal          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
profileDesc        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
projectDesc        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
prologue           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
pron               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
provenance         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
ptr                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
pubPlace           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
publicationStmt    TEI,suriano        complex pure 
publisher          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
punctuation        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
purpose            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
q                  TEI,suriano        complex mixed
quotation          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
quote              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
rb                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
rdg                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
rdgGrp             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
re                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
recordHist         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
recording          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
recordingStmt      TEI,suriano        complex pure 
redo               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
ref                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
refState           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
refsDecl           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
reg                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
region             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
relatedItem        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
relation           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
remarks            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
rendition          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
repository         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
residence          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
resp               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
respStmt           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
respons            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
restore            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
retrace            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
revisionDesc       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
rhyme              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
role               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
roleDesc           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
roleName           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
root               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
row                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
rs                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
rt                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
rubric             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
ruby               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
s                  TEI,suriano        complex mixed
said               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
salute             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
samplingDecl       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
schemaRef          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
schemaSpec         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
scriptDesc         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
scriptNote         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
scriptStmt         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
seal               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
sealDesc           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
secFol             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
secl               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
seg                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
segmentation       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
sense              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
sequence           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
series             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
seriesStmt         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
set                TEI,suriano        complex pure 
setting            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
settingDesc        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
settlement         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
sex                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
shift              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
sic                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
signatures         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
signed             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
soCalled           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
socecStatus        TEI,suriano        complex mixed
sound              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
source             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
sourceDesc         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
sourceDoc          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
sp                 TEI,suriano        complex pure 
spGrp              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
space              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
span               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
spanGrp            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
speaker            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
specDesc           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
specGrp            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
specGrpRef         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
specList           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
sponsor            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
stage              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
stamp              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
standOff           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
state              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
stdVals            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
street             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
stress             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
string             TEI,suriano        complex mixed
styleDefDecl       TEI,suriano        complex pure 
subc               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
subst              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
substJoin          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
summary            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
superEntry         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
supplied           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
support            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
supportDesc        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
surface            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
surfaceGrp         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
surname            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
surplus            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
surrogates         TEI,suriano        complex mixed
syll               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
symbol             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
table              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
tag                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
tagUsage           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
tagsDecl           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
taxonomy           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
tech               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
teiCorpus          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
teiHeader          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
term               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
terrain            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
text               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
textClass          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
textDesc           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
textLang           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
textNode           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
then               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
time               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
timeline           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
title              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
titlePage          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
titlePart          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
titleStmt          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
tns                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
trailer            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
trait              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
transcriptionDesc  TEI,suriano        complex pure 
transpose          TEI,suriano        complex pure 
tree               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
triangle           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
typeDesc           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
typeNote           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
u                  TEI,suriano        complex mixed
unclear            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
undo               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
unicodeProp        TEI,suriano        complex pure 
unihanProp         TEI,suriano        complex pure 
unit               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
unitDecl           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
unitDef            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
usg                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
vAlt               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
vColl              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
vDefault           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
vLabel             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
vMerge             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
vNot               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
vRange             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
val                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
valDesc            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
valItem            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
valList            TEI,suriano        complex pure 
variantEncoding    TEI,suriano        complex pure 
view               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
vocal              TEI,suriano        complex pure 
w                  TEI,suriano        complex mixed
watermark          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
when               TEI,suriano        complex pure 
width              TEI,suriano        complex mixed
wit                TEI,suriano        complex mixed
witDetail          TEI,suriano        complex mixed
witEnd             TEI,suriano        complex pure 
witStart           TEI,suriano        complex pure 
witness            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
writing            TEI,suriano        complex mixed
xenoData           TEI,suriano        complex mixed
xr                 TEI,suriano        complex mixed
zone               TEI,suriano        complex mixed
